I FEEL IT! ALL RIGHT!
[ UP-TEMPO MUSIC PLAYS ]
TAKE IT AWAY!
HEY, KERMIT.
TWO THINGS YOU NEED TO KNOW.
HMM?
I CANNOT
WORK LATE TONIGHT.
I GOT TO DUMP THIS POSSUM
I'VE BEEN SEEING.
HE'S DISGUSTING --
NOT 'CAUSE HE'S A POSSUM.
BECAUSE HE'S
IN ADVERTISING.
YEAH, WELL, I HOPE THE SECOND
THING I NEED TO KNOW
IS SOMETHING
I NEED TO KNOW.
YEAH, FOZZIE ASKED ME
TO REMIND YOU
TO READ THE SKETCH HE WROTE
FOR THE SHOW.
[ MUSIC CONTINUES ]
[ SIGHS ]
I ALREADY READ IT.
I DID, TOO.
IT'S A DUMPSTER FIRE.
AH.
YOU'RE BEING TOO NICE.
[ SIGHS ]
SAD.
YEAH.
ALL RIGHT! OH, YEAH!
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
AND WE'RE BACK
WITH MY FRIEND,
THE ANNOYINGLY PERFECT
CHRISTINA APPLEGATE!
UM, SO, LISTEN, I HAVE
A LITTLE SURPRISE FOR YOU.
OOH!
MM-HMM.
THERE'S NOTHING I LIKE
MORE THAN A GOOD SURPRISE.
SHE HATES SURPRISES.
DID YOU KNOW ABOUT THIS?
CHRISTINA APPLEGATE BROUGHT
A HILARIOUS CLIP OF PIGGY.
I KNEW YOU WOULDN'T APPROVE IT,
SO I WENT OVER YOUR HEAD.
I'M THE BOSS.
OH, THAT'S RIGHT,
SO I WENT BEHIND YOUR BACK.
[ WHIMPERS ]
THERE ISN'T MUCH
OF A SETUP HERE.
JUST BASICALLY ALL MY FRIENDS
WERE AT MY HOUSE
FOR MY BIRTHDAY PARTY,
AND, UM -- YOU KNOW WHAT?
LET'S JUST --
JUST ROLL IT.
HEY, BEFORE WE SING,
CAN WE TAKE A PICTURE TOGETHER?
YEAH? OH,
I LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH.
Piggy: EXCUSE ME!
PARDON ME!
BACK UP, PREGGO!
SHE LOVES ME THE MOST!
[ CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS ]
WHOA!
WHAT? OH!
OH, OY.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA!
WHOA!
OH!
[ GLASS SHATTERS ]
[ LAUGHTER ]
I DON'T KNOW WHAT'S
SO FUNNY ABOUT THAT.
OH. MAYBE IT HAPPENED
TOO FAST.
MAYBE WE JUST NEED TO WATCH IT
IN SLOW MOTION.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
WHAT? NO. NO, NO, NO.
YEAH? SHOULD WE DO IT
IN SLOW MOTION?
[ Distorted ] WHOA!
WHOA!
[ THUD ]
OHH!
[ LAUGHTER ]
[ GROANS ]
[ CHUCKLES ]
I SEE I MADE THE RIGHT CALL.
YOU NEVER
WOULD HAVE APPROVED THIS.
[ LAUGHS ]
WHAT?
♪♪
[ DING ]
♪ OOH! ♪
YEAH!
♪ UNH! ♪
HMM. TIME TO
GET THINGS STARTED.
HA HA HA!
OOH, OOH!
CHRISTINEY APPLEGATEY!
OH, HEY.
YOUR AUTOGRAPHEN.
OF COURSE. WHO DO YOU WANT ME
TO MAKE IT OUT TO?
MEEGAN.
OH, IS THAT YOUR DAUGHTER,
YOUR WIFE?
NO, NO.
MEEGAN, MEEGAN, MEEGAN.
OH, YOU'RE MEEGAN?
YEP.
OH, YOU GO, GIRL.
LIVE YOUR TRUTH, HUH?
[ GASPS ]
OKEYDOKEY.
KERMIT!
YOU IN THERE?
HEY, WHERE'S KERMIT?
HE WAS SUPPOSED TO TALK
TO ME ABOUT MY SKETCH.
OH, YEAH, SURE.
IT'S ALWAYS, "WHERE'S KERMIT?
WHERE'S KERMIT?"
IT'S NEVER, "HEY, YOLANDA,
HOW'S THEM NIGHT CLASSES GOING
TO BECOME
AN ULTRASOUND TECHNICIAN?"
PFFT!
YEAH.
I GOT A "B" AVERAGE,
YOU KNOW!
[ SIGHS ]
Kermit: I MEAN,
IF I WAS JUST FOZZIE'S BOSS
AND NOT HIS BEST FRIEND,
I COULD BE HONEST AND TELL HIM
HOW BAD HIS SKETCH WAS.
BUT SINCE I'M BOTH...
[ SIGHS ]
...I SHOULD JUST SELL MY HOUSE
AND MOVE BACK TO MISSISSIPPI.
LOWER TAXES,
ALL THE MOSQUITOES YOU CAN EAT.
I CAN MAKE THAT WORK.
WHAT? OH.
HE'S RIGHT BEHIND ME, ISN'T HE?
[ SIGHS ] WELL,
I-IT IS PRETTY DARK IN HERE.
UH...
[ GRUNTS ]
OH. HMM.
THERE'S NO CHANCE HE'LL THINK
I'M A BASEBALL TROPHY, IS THERE?
[ KNOCK ON WINDOW ]
HEY, KERMIT!
Shh, shh, shh.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN THERE
WITH THE LIGHTS OFF?
[ SIGHS ]
YOU CRAZY GUY.
I'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
[ SIGHS ] OH.
HMM, HMM, HMM.
OH, HEY, PIGGY.
OH, CHRISTINA!
CHRISTINA, CHRISTINA.
YES.
I AM TELLING YOU THIS
BECAUSE WE'RE FRIENDS.
WE ARE
NO LONGER FRIENDS.
OH, PIGGY.
WAIT A MINUTE. IS THIS BECAUSE
I SHOWED THAT VIDEO?
THE WORLD JUST SAW ME WITH
FROSTING IN MY PIGGY PARTS!
YEAH, WELL, YOU KNOW WHAT?
AT LEAST I DIDN'T SHOW
THAT SAKE COMMERCIAL
YOU DID IN JAPAN.
REMEMBER THE TAG LINE WAS
"SAKE TO ME, SEXY BOYS."
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU MESSED
WITH THE WRONG LADY, LADY.
I WILL GET YOU
FOR THIS.
YOU'RE SO CUTE.
THANK YOU SO MUCH
FOR HAVING ME.
[ SIGHS ]
SEE YOU, SWEETIE.
AND JUST SO YOU KNOW,
THE TAG LINE WAS
"SEX IT TO ME,
SAKE BOYS"!
[ SIGHS ]
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
HOW DID THE SURGERY GO, ROWLF?
OH, FINE.
YOU KNOW, BUT I KEPT
BITING THE STITCHES OFF,
SO THEY PUT
THIS THING ON.
MM.
YEAH.
SO, WHAT DO YOU THINK?
WELL, I-I THINK
THE WHOLE CRAFT BEER THING'S
GOTTEN OUT OF HAND,
YOU KNOW?
I DON'T NEED PUMPKIN SPICE
IN MY BEER.
[ CHUCKLES ]
IT'S LIKE DRINKING A PIE.
I'M TALKING ABOUT THE SKETCH.
YEAH.
LAY IT ON ME, JACK!
WHAT'S THE VERDICT?
UH, WELL, FOZZIE,
UH...THIS SKETCH IS, UH --
YEAH?
IT'S SO...
SO...
...SO...
SO WHAT? TELL ME --
SO GOOD?
YES, Y-YES,
EXACTLY, FOZZIE.
IT -- IT IS SO GOOD,
IT MIGHT EVEN BE TOO GOOD
FOR THE SHOW, YOU KNOW?
IN FACT, I THINK
WHAT YOU'VE WRITTEN HERE,
THIS SHOULD BE A MOVIE.
A MOVIE ABOUT
A PORCUPINE BUYING DRESS SOCKS?
SURE. THAT WAY YOU CAN
EXPLORE THE CHARACTER.
WHY IS SHE BUYING SOCKS?
WHO ARE THEY FOR?
ARE THEY FOR SOMEONE
THE PORCUPINE LOVES?
AND DOES
HE LOVE HER BACK?
HE DOES LOVE HER BACK.
OOH, I GOT CHILLS.
UGH,
BUT WRITING A MOVIE.
[ SIGHS ] WHEN AM I GONNA
FIND TIME FOR THAT?
WELL, I-I-I DON'T KNOW,
BUT I'LL TELL YOU THIS.
I WOULDN'T WASTE
ANY MORE TIME
WRITING SKETCHES
AND SHOWING THEM TO ME.
MNH-MNH.
I WOULD NOT DO THAT.
OH, YOU'RE THE BEST.
HEY, ROWLF, A BOTTLE
OF YOUR BEST CHAMPAGNE
UNDER $10 FOR MY MUSE HERE.
OH, OH.
[ GNAWING ]
[ UP-TEMPO MUSIC PLAYS ]
You're the man.
No, you're the man.
NO, NO, NO.
YOU'RE THE MAN.
YOU ARE THE MAN.
YOU, YOU.
YOU, YOU!
YOU. Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-YOU.
Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-YOU!
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU'RE THE MAN.
WHATEVER.
♪ IT'S HER SHOW ♪
DR. TEETH AND THE ELECTRIC
MAYHEM, EVERYBODY!
TRES BIEN.
[ LAUGHS ]
ALL RIGHT,
WE GOT A GREAT SHOW
FOR YOU TONIGHT,
STARTING WITH --
E-EXCUSE ME, PIGGY.
AND YOU ARE?
[ LAUGHTER ]
I JUST WANTED TO SAY
HOW MUCH I LOVE YOU
AND -- AND EVERYBODY HERE
ON "UP LATE,"
BUT...I'VE DECIDED TO LEAVE
THE SHOW TO WRITE A MOVIE.
[ GASPS ]
DID YOU HAVE SOMETHING
TO DO WITH THIS?
WHY WOULD YOU
THINK THAT?
AND IT'S ALL BECAUSE OF THE
ENCOURAGEMENT OF MY DEAR FRIEND.
HMM. HE'S GOT LOTS OF FRIENDS.
KERMIT THE FROG.
[ GASPS ]
KERMIT IS, LIKE,
THE THIRD MOST COMMON
FROG NAME IN AMERICA.
CAN WE GET A SHOT
OF KERMIT?
HE'S STANDING
RIGHT OVER THERE.
[ WHIMPERS ]
THE HANDSOME GREEN DEVIL.
[ APPLAUSE ]
[ SIGHS ]
FINE, IT WAS ME. LEAVE ME ALONE.
[ WHIMPERS ]
PICK UP, FOZZIE. PICK UP,
FOZZIE. COME ON, PICK UP.
[ Ringing ]
♪ I'VE BEEN DREAMING
OF SOMETHING ♪
[ CELLPHONE RINGS ]
OH.
HELLO?
Oh, hey, Fozzie.
KERMIT!
I'M ON THE ROAD!
I'M DOING IT, MAN,
BECAUSE OF YOU.
#WritersLife.
[ LAUGHS ]
YEAH, WELL, YOU WERE OUT OF HERE
SO FAST LAST NIGHT
I DIDN'T HAVE A CHANCE TO TALK
TO YOU ABOUT WHAT YOU'RE DOING.
[ LAUGHS ]
WHOA, THERE'S A DEAD DEER
ON THE ROAD.
NOT GONNA BRING ME DOWN.
LISTEN, FOZZIE, I...
[ SIGHS ]
THIS ISN'T EASY,
BUT I OWE YOU THE TRUTH.
HMM?
YOU'RE A GOOD COMEDIAN,
BUT YOU'RE NOT A WRITER.
SO, YOU LIED TO ME?
I DIDN'T WANT TO
HURT YOUR FEELINGS.
NOW, PLEASE JUST TURN AROUND
AND COME BACK, OKAY?
NO! NO,
BECAUSE I AM A WRITER.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO BELIEVE IN ME.
I BELIEVE IN ME.
OOH, SEE? THAT -- THAT'S GOOD
DIALOGUE RIGHT THERE.
H-HONESTLY,
IT'S A LITTLE CONTRIVED.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING,
ANYWAY?
NO, I'M OFF THE GRID.
YOU'LL NEVER FIND ME.
Woman: TURN RIGHT
AT BIG BEAR ROAD.
[ CLEARS THROAT ] HMM.
In 0.2 miles, your destination
is on the left.
THAT LADY'S LYING.
GOODBYE.
[ SIGHS ]
YEAH, I'M STILL HERE.
Oh, yeah?
WELL, GOODBYE.
Still here.
I DON'T KNOW HOW TO HANG THIS
THING UP WHEN IT'S ON THE MAP.
[ STAMMERS ]
THIS ALWAYS HAPPENS.
OKAY,
HIT THE HOME BUTTON,
THEN THE PHONE ICON,
AND THEN THE RED BUTTON.
OKAY, HOME BUTTON, PHONE ICON,
RED BUTTON,
AND...
WE'RE IN ANGRY BIRDS.
[ SIGHS ]
[ Door opens, bell jingles ]
IT'S BEEN 30 MINUTES.
Can I get $7 on pump three,
please?
[ SIGHS ]
SO, YOU'RE TELLING ME
THAT THE PRESIDENT
DOES NOT LIVE
IN THE WIDE HOUSE?
NO, IT'S THE WHITE HOUSE.
IT'S WHITE.
OKAY,
BUT IT'S ALSO WIDE.
YOU KNOW, WE MAY NOT BE THE GUYS
TO WRITE POLITICAL HUMOR, OKAY?
EXCUSE ME,
I RECEIVED A WORK ORDER
FOR A CLASS-3 REPAIR
IN THIS LOCATION.
WELL, WHO ARE YOU?
I'M CHIP.
I'M THE I.T. GUY.
IS THIS THE E-MAIL
YOU'RE TRYING TO SEND?
"DEAR DEBBIE"?
OH, WHOO. [ CHUCKLES ]
HEY, THAT'S PERSONAL.
DEBBIE?
OOH,
WHAT AN EXOTIC NAME.
HOLA, DEBBIE.
[ LAUGHS ]
LOOK, SHE'S JUST
A GIRL I MET ONLINE.
IT'S NO BIG DEAL.
HEY.
THAT CONTRADICTS A PREVIOUS
E-MAIL WHERE YOU DESCRIBED HER
AS A HEALING RAY OF SUNSHINE
ON YOUR WOUNDED SOUL.
WHOO-HOO! [ LAUGHS ]
BUSTED!
WILL YOU STOP
READING MY STUFF?
HEY, HEY,
DON'T YELL AT THE GUY.
HE'S JUST TRYING
TO FIX YOUR COMPUTER.
HEY, CHIP, CAN YOU BRING UP
A PICTURE OF THIS DEBBIE CHICK?
WELL, WE SHOULD
BE ABLE TO LINK
TO AN IMAGE THROUGH
GONZO'S DATING PROFILE.
[ LAUGHS ]
GOOD LUCK --
IT'S PASSWORD-PROTECTED
AND YOU'LL NEVER FIGURE OUT --
I'M IN.
OOH. NICE PROFILE PICTURE,
DUDE.
OOH!
Pepe: WHAT? WAIT A SECOND.
THAT'S THE -- T-THE GORGEOUS
MOVIE STAR LIAMS HEMSWORTHS.
YEAH, W-WHAT, ARE YOU NUTS?
[ SIGHS ]
WHY DID YOU USE
A PICTURE OF HIM?
Sií.
LOOK, I JUST FIGURED
DEBBIE WOULD
FALL IN LOVE
WITH MY PERSONALITY.
AND WHEN WE FINALLY MET,
WE'D SHARE A LAUGH ABOUT
HOW I USED
SOME FAMOUS GUY'S PICTURE.
Sií,
THAT'S A STUPID IDEA.
OH, MY GOD,
WHAT AM I GONNA DO?
WE'RE MEETING
LATER TODAY.
[ GROANS ]
OKAY, OKAY, LISTEN.
YOU LEAVE HER A NOTE
SAYING YOU LOVE HER...
MM-HMM.
...BUT YOU'RE ASHAMED.
YEAH.
THEN...
MM-HMM.
...DRINK POISON.
YEP.
THAT IS THE ONLY MOVE
THAT WILL SATISFY A DEBBIE.
PRETTY MUCH.
HMM.
HI.
SO, AS EVERYBODY SAW LAST NIGHT,
FOZZIE BEAR --
LOST TOUCH WITH REALITY?
YEAH, AND SPEAKING
FROM PERSONAL EXPERIENCE,
YOU NEVER QUITE
GET IT BACK.
NO, YOU DO NOT.
WELL, I, FOR ONE,
WILL MISS FOZZIE.
HE WASN'T FUNNY,
BUT HE KEPT IT CLEAN.
BUT [SHUDDERS]
NOT FUNNY.
MM.
YEAH, FOZZIE AND I SHARED
A PRETTY STRONG BOND.
OH, YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU WERE THE ONLY TWO BEARS
WORKING HERE.
OH, UH, I-I WAS THINKING
IT WAS BECAUSE
HE'S MY SWIM BUDDY
AT THE "Y."
HMM.
BUT, YEAH,
I GUESS WE'RE BOTH BEARS.
I NEVER REALLY
THOUGHT ABOUT THAT.
YEAH.
WELL...WELL,
WE'RE ALL GONNA MISS HIM.
Sií.
BUT DOING US A BIG FAVOR
BY TAKING OVER FOR FOZZIE
IS OUR GOOD FRIEND
NICK OFFERMAN.
[ ALL MURMUR ]
THANKS.
GOOD TO SEE YOU, NICK.
THANKS, GUYS. THANK YOU.
YEAH, YEAH. UH,
WE REALLY OWE YOU ONE, NICK.
OH, UH, I WILL TAKE
A CAPPUCCINO MACHINE.
WHAT?
YOU SAID YOU OWE ME ONE,
SO I'M CALLING IT IN.
I WANT
A CAPPUCCINO MACHINE.
OH, WELL, O-OKAY,
WE'LL, UH -- WE'LL GET
YOU A CAPPUCCINO MACHINE.
SO, TONIGHT,
EVERYBODY --
NOT ONE OF THOSE
CHEAP PLASTIC DEALS.
I WANT THE BIG BRASS ONE
WITH THE EAGLE ON TOP
AND THE DIALS AND NOZZLES
THAT YOU DON'T SEE ANYWHERE
EXCEPT RESTAURANTS
RUN BY ITALIAN GUYS
WHO HAVE BEEN HERE LONG ENOUGH
TO SPEAK ENGLISH BUT DON'T.
RIGHT, WELL, WE'LL JUST --
UH, WE'LL JUST CUT
A FEW PEOPLE'S HEALTH BENEFITS
AND WE'LL GET YOU THAT MACHINE.
ACES.
[ SIGHS ]
WHAT A SCHMUGGEN. HMM.
BOY, I WISH I COULD
GROW A BEARD LIKE THAT.
Kermit: OKAY, EVERYBODY,
UH, THE NEXT ORDER OF BUSINESS
WE'VE GOT ON THE AGENDA
FOR TODAY IS...
WHAT DID YOU GET ON APPLEGATE?
ANYTHING EMBARRASSING?
OKAY, I FOUND A CLIP
OF HER SWIMMING
WITH SOME
GOLDEN RETRIEVER PUPPIES.
[ GROWLS ]
YEAH, THE ONLY THING
EMBARRASSING ABOUT THAT
WAS THE WAY
I SAID "AWW,"
AND THEN CLAPPED ALONE
IN MY APARTMENT.
SO THERE WAS NOTHING?
NOT EVEN HER BEING SNIPPY
TO A RESTAURANT HOSTESS?
NO, I GOOGLED THAT
AND 10 CLIPS OF YOU CAME UP.
[ SIGHS ]
PIGGY, MAYBE WE SHOULDN'T BE
OBSESSING ABOUT THIS, YOU KNOW?
I MEAN, FOZZIE'S GONE.
YOU GUYS WERE A TEAM
FOR SO MANY -- YEARS...
YOU KNOW WHAT, IF I CAN'T FIND
AN EMBARRASSING VIDEO
OF CHRISTINA APPLEGATE...
I'LL MAKE ONE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ BARKS ]
WELL, I GUESS WE ALL GRIEVE
IN OUR OWN WAY.
I'M NOT JUDGING.
I'M JUST --
YOU'RE DISMISSED.
I'M DISMISSED.
[ BARKS, PANTS ]
Fozzie: WHY WOULD
I COME HERE TO WRITE?
I'M A BEAR.
[ INSECT BUZZING ]
THIS IS WHERE I CONNECT
TO MY POWER AND MY --
[ BUZZING STOPS ]
I SWALLOWED A BUG.
[ COUGHING VIOLENTLY ]
[ WIND GUSTING ]
[ CLEARING THROAT ]
BLECH!
[ Australian accent ] SO, WAIT,
THIS ISN'T A PRE-INTERVIEW
AND I'M NOT GONNA BE DOING
"UP LATE" WITH MISS PIGGY?
TONIGHT, NO.
EVENTUALLY, WELL,
THAT'S UP TO YOU
AND THE PROJECTS YOU CHOOSE.
Sií.
WELL, GREAT. THANKS
FOR WASTING MY TIME, GUYS.
NO, NO, NO, NO!
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT!
PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE!
MR. HANDSOME MANS.
PLEASE, PLEASE SIT DOWN,
POR FAVOR.
LISTEN, THIS POOR
WHATEVER HE IS,
I-IF HE DOESN'T
GET THIS WOMAN,
HE DOESN'T HAVE A REASON
TO LIVE.
HEY, HEY,
THAT'S NOT TOTALLY TRUE.
OH, PLEASE.
WHAT ELSE YOU GOT? NETFLIX?
[ RIZZO LAUGHS ]
LOOK, MR. HEMSWORTH, LIAM,
I REALLY LIKE THIS GIRL.
10 MINUTES OF YOUR TIME
COULD CHANGE MY LIFE FOREVER.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
[ SIGHS ]
YEAH, WELL,
I GUESS I'VE BEEN THERE, TOO.
YEAH, SURE.
I MEAN, YOU WERE PROBABLY
ONE OF THOSE AWKWARD KIDS
WHO HAD TROUBLE WITH THE LADIES
UNTIL YOU GREW INTO YOUR LOOKS.
HMM.
NO, I'VE BEEN GORGEOUS
SINCE BIRTH,
BUT I HAVE STRUCK OUT
A FEW TIMES.
OH?
JUST AT A SUPER HIGH LEVEL.
HMM.
OH, MY GOD,
IT'S HER.
[ GASPS ]
HMM, YOU WOULDN'T THINK
A DEBBIE
WOULD WEAR SLACKS
AT A FIRST DATE.
OKAY, OKAY, REMEMBER, HEMSY,
JUST GRAB A DRINK,
THEN ASK HER IF SHE WOULD
STILL BE INTERESTED IN YOU
IF YOU DIDN'T LOOK LIKE, UH,
HANDSOME WITH THE CHEEKBONES.
Liam: CHEEKBONES.
I GOT IT.
WHEN SHE SAYS YES,
WE SLIDE IN THIS CUTE,
LITTLE ELEPHANT BEAVER
AND HE CLOSES THE DEAL.
UH, OH, AND LOSE THE FAKE
ACCENT. IT MAKES ME SOUND SILLY.
OKAY.
HEY, KERMIT.
OH, HI THERE, NICK.
HOW'S IT HANGING?
OH, PRETTY GOOD.
SO, LISTEN, GUY,
I WAS WRONG TO MAKE YOU BUY
THAT EXPENSIVE
CAPPUCCINO MACHINE.
WELL, I-I APPRECIATE THAT, NICK.
I'LL TAKE IT BACK.
I MEAN, HERE YOU ARE,
YOU TELL ME YOU OWE ME ONE,
AND WHAT DO I DO?
[ SCOFFS ]
I WASTE IT
ON A FROU-FROU COFFEE MAKER
WHEN WHAT I REALLY WANT
IS A BOAT.
A BOAT?
UH, NICK, I-I-I AM NOT
GOING TO BUY YOU A BOAT.
OH, IT'S NOT A BIG BOAT.
I'M NOT GREEDY.
IT'S WHAT
THEY CALL A SLOOP.
MAKE IT HAPPEN,
WORLD'S GREATEST PRODUCER.
WHAT?
[ GROANS ]
BY THE WAY, I AM THINKING
OF NAMING MY SLOOP CAPPUCCINO.
HUH?
THAT WAY,
I KIND OF GET EVERYTHING.
OR MAYBE
I'LL CALL IT JANICE.
[ SIGHS ]
WHAT, THIS? OH, UH,
FOZZIE GAVE IT TO ME.
Y-YOU SEE, A FEW YEARS AGO,
I GOT PASSED OVER
FOR A JOB I REALLY,
REALLY WANTED.
I WAS GONNA QUIT THE BUSINESS
AND GO DO SOMETHING ELSE,
YOU KNOW?
HAD A SHOT TO GO
TO MEDICAL SCHOOL,
BUT TURNS OUT
THEY JUST WANTED TO DISSECT ME.
BUT FOZZIE WOULDN'T LET ME
FEEL SORRY FOR MYSELF, YOU KNOW?
HE GOT ME OUT
OF THE HOUSE AND STAYED
WITH ME UNTIL I SNAPPED
OUT OF IT.
HE NEVER LET ME GIVE UP.
THAT'S WHAT A FRIEND DOES.
HE -- HE WAS THERE TO HELP ME,
BUT...I DON'T KNOW.
I GUESS I WASN'T THERE
TO HELP HIM.
OH, MY GOODNESS.
THAT'S A BEAUTIFUL STORY,
SIR.
AND IF YOU DON'T GO
AFTER HIM...
[ GASPS ]
I WILL.
UH, UH, W-WHO ARE YOU?
I'M CHIP.
I'M THE I.T. GUY.
UH...
[ SIGHS ]
I DIDN'T PACK ANY FOOD
BECAUSE I COULD HAVE SWORN
THERE WAS A PANDA EXPRESS
AROUND HERE SOMEWHERE.
RIGHT NEXT TO THE FOOT LOCKER.
OH, WAIT, I'M THINKING
OF THE GLENDALE GALLERIA.
HEY. WHAT'S THIS?
[ SNIFFS ]
SMELLS LIKE OREOS.
[ SNIFFING ]
OREOS AND SUMMER SAUSAGE.
WELL, THAT'S JUST A CRAZY PLACE
TO KEEP FOOD.
[ GRUNTING ]
FOZZIE?
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
WHAT?
[ Laughing ] OH, GONZO.
YOU'RE AS FUNNY IN PERSON
AS YOU ARE ONLINE.
HEAR THAT?
SHE THINKS I'M FUNNY.
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
YEAH, SHE ALSO THINKS YOU HAVE
HIS PIERCING BLUE EYES.
AND CHISELED NOSE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ SIGHS ]
[ American accent ] DEBBIE.
MM-HMM.
WOULD YOU STILL FEEL
THE SAME WAY ABOUT ME
IF I WASN'T INCREDIBLY HANDSOME
AND I LOOKED MORE LIKE...
OH, I DON'T KNOW --
THAT BLUE GUY OVER THERE?
WELL, SURE, I MEAN, THE ONLY
THING THAT MATTERS TO ME
IS WHO YOU ARE INSIDE.
WELL, THIS IS GOOD,
'CAUSE, UH...
HERE IT COMES.
I'M IN.
OH, PUT A MINT
IN YOUR PIE HOLE, GONZO.
THERE'S A SMOOCH
IN YOUR FUTCH.
[ BOTH CHUCKLE ]
YOU REALLY FEEL
THAT WAY?
OF COURSE.
DEBBIE, I'M NOT GONZO.
WHAT?
[ SIGHS ]
[ Australian accent ]
MY NAME'S LIAM HEMSWORTH,
AND I'M AN ACTOR.
AND YOU'RE THE FIRST PERSON
I'VE MET IN A VERY LONG TIME
WHO LIKES ME
FOR MORE THAN JUST MY LOOKS.
IS THIS WHEN I GO OVER?
NO. THIS IS WHEN
YOU GO HOME.
AH.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
LOOK, I-I KNOW
IT'S VERY COMPLICATED, BUT...
HOW ABOUT I EXPLAIN IT TO YOU
OVER A NICE SEAFOOD DINNER
AT A GREAT PLACE
I KNOW IN MALIBU?
HUH.
LET'S GET OUT OF HERE.
OKAY.
THANKS, FELLAS.
YEAH, YEAH.
HAVE A GOOD TIME
THERE, LIAM.
HAVE A GREAT NIGHT.
BOY, YOU KNOW THIS ONLINE-DATING
STUFF REALLY WORKS, HUH?
[ BOTH CHUCKLE ]
[ SIGHS ]
[ SLURPS ]
FOZZIE?
FOZZIE BEAR?
BEAR! THERE'S A BEAR!
COME ON.
COME ON. COME ON.
W-WAIT A MINUTE,
IS HE WEARING A TIE?
GO, GO.
HELLO?
OH, BOY.
[ GROANS ]
[ GRUNTS ]
COME ON.
FOZZIE?
KERMIT?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING -- OW!
[ GASPS ] OH.
OH, HE SHOT ME!
KERMIT, HE SHOT ME!
WHY DID YOU SHOOT ME?
I'M FOZZIE THE BEA-HA...
FOZZIE THE...
[ GROANS ]
OKAY, IT'S GO TIME.
GET YOUR KEYS AND MEET ME
IN THE PARKING LOT
IN FIVE MINUTES.
WHERE ARE WE GOING?
I WAS TALKING TO SCOOTER.
OH, WELL,
YOU'RE LOOKING RIGHT AT ME.
AND I'VE BEEN TAUGHT THAT
WHEN PEOPLE ARE LOOKING AT ME
AND TALKING TO ME,
THEY'RE TALKING TO ME.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHO YOU ARE.
I'M CHIP.
I'M THE I.T. GUY.
[ SIGHS ]
JUST MEET ME OUTSIDE.
OKAY.
[ SIGHS ]
[ GROANS ]
FOZZIE?
FOZZIE? FOZZIE?
AM I DEAD?
IT'S OKAY, BUDDY.
I'M HERE.
OH, MY GOD,
YOU'RE DEAD, TOO?
MY BEST FRIEND'S DEAD!
OH!
BUT AT LEAST WE'RE TOGETHER
IN THE AFTERLIFE.
AFTER THE WAY
YOU TREATED ME,
I WASN'T SURE
YOU'D MAKE IT UP HERE.
WELL, I --
WELL, WE'RE ALIVE.
AND I -- AND I'VE GOT
EVEN BETTER NEWS.
I'M GONNA GET YOUR SKETCH
ON THE AIR.
WAIT, SO YOU LOVE IT?
NO, IT'S TERRIBLE.
I TOLD YOU.
[ GROANS ]
BUT LISTEN, FOZZIE.
YOU AND I ARE GONNA WORK ON IT
EVERY NIGHT AFTER THE SHOW
FOR AS LONG AS IT TAKES
UNTIL IT'S READY.
AWW.
OF ALL THE FRIENDS I KNOW,
YOU'RE MY BEST FROG.
OKAY, THANKS, FOZZIE.
LOOK, LET'S GET OUT OF HERE.
WE'VE GOT A SHOW TO DO.
UM...
OH, YEAH.
LET ME GIVE YOU A HAND.
UP YOU GO. UP. UP, UP, UP.
[ GROANS ]
YEP.
WHOA.
YOU ALL RIGHT?
YEAH.
OKAY, HERE WE GO.
OH, WAIT, MY HAT.
HUH?
OH, NO, NO. FOZZIE, FOZZIE.
I DON'T WANT TO LEAVE MY HAT.
YOUR HAT'S ON YOUR HEAD.
IT'S ON YOUR HEAD.
HMM?
YEAH, IT'S RIGHT UP THERE.
OH, YEAH.
YEAH, COME ON.
OKAY.
WATCH YOUR STEP.
DOOR, DOOR.
[ GRUNTS ]
OH.
MAYBE WE CAN USE THESE
TO FIND MY HAT.
NO, NO, FO-FOZZIE.
IT'S ON YOUR HEAD.
YOUR HAT'S ON YOUR HEAD,
REMEMBER?
OH, RIGHT. RIGHT, RIGHT.
YEAH, YEAH. EASY.
YOU EVER BEEN SHOT WITH
A TRANQUILIZER DART, KERMIT?
UH, WELL, NO, BUT I DID LICK
MY THIRD COUSIN ONCE
AND THE WALLS STARTED MELTING,
SO I FEEL YOU, BRO.
AH, YEAH.
WE ARE BRO-THERS.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YES, WE ARE.
A-ALL RIGHT, COME ON.
THE CAR'S THIS WAY.
HERE WE GO.
WATCH YOUR STEP.
YOU WANT ME TO DRIVE OR YOU?
NO, THAT'S FINE. I'LL DO IT.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
OH, HEY, SCOOTER.
OH, UH, HI, MS. APPLEGATE.
HI.
UH, I HAVE A CAKE FOR YOU
FROM MISS PIGGY.
OH.
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO PUSH
THAT IN MY FACE
SO THAT SHE
COULD FILM IT, RIGHT?
I'M NOT ALLOWED TO SAY.
YOU KNOW WHAT, SCOOTER?
I DON'T WANT YOU
TO GET FIRED, ALL RIGHT?
[ SIGHS ]
[ INHALES DEEPLY ]
[ LAUGHS ]
NOT SO PERFECT NOW,
ARE WE, APPLEGATE?
[ CHUCKLES ]
EXCUSE ME, MISS.
[ LAUGHS ]
WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING
WITH THAT CAMERA?
OH, MY GOD, YOU GOT TO SEE THIS!
IT'S HYSTERICAL!
[ LAUGHING ]
GET OUT OF THE CAR.
YOU...
I'M MISS PIGGY.
AND I'M BEVERLY HILLS P.D.,
SO I'M NOT IMPRESSED.
WAIT.
GET OUT OF THE CAR.
BUT -- BUT...
YOU WANT TO...
HMM?
WANT TO COME IN
FOR SOME COFFEE?
SURE.
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
[ GRUNTS ] CHRISTINA!
TELL THEM
IT WAS ALL A PRANK!
WE HAD FUN TOGETHER!
[ HANDCUFFS CLICK ]
[ LAUGHS NERVOUSLY ]
OH, LOOK, A JAYWALKER!